Add further details on Google API keys to README (#2)
paul121/farmOS-map: README.md

};
const wmsLayer = myMap.addLayer('wms', wmsOpts);

// Adding a Google Map Tiles layer. This requires registering a Google Developer
// account and creating your own private API key. The one below is a fake key
// that won't work but will look similar to your key. Be sure never to share
// yours and if it is accidentally exposed or committed, create a new one. See:

> // https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/get-api-key

Reviewer: > Be sure never to share yours and if it is accidentally exposed or committed, create a new one.

This advice is borderline wrong and definitely a little orthogonal to the actual primary security risks associated with these api keys...

Since this is a frontend API key used in Javascript, it necessarily becomes disclosed to any visitors to the page that have access to the map. It also doesn't (or at least shouldn't) matter if it becomes exposed more widely than that (because Google can take care of enforcing that all usage must have the restricted domains as referrers for any API requests)...

The actual security risk that might be worth speaking to here is: the need to [apply restrictions](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/get-api-key#restrict_key) - such as by domain - so that other sites can't use your API key and rack up charges against your account. As long as you apply such restrictions, there is no problem with committing the key to a public repo for example.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @jgaehring I agree it would be good to add some more details on the API key. One thing to note is that we are now using the Map Tiles API not the Maps Javascript API: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/tile/get-api-key

This link also includes the same "Restrict API Keys" notice: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/tile/get-api-key#restrict_key

Maybe we could just use the language they provide there?

> Google strongly recommends that you restrict your API keys by limiting their usage to those only APIs needed for your application. Restricting API keys adds security to your application by protecting it from unwarranted requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Adding a Google Map Tiles layer. This requires registering a Google Developer
// account and creating your own Map Tiles API key. See the following
// documentation on creating and restricting API keys.
// "Google strongly recommends that you restrict your API keys by limiting their
// usage to those only APIs needed for your application. Restricting API keys
// adds security to your application by protecting it from unwarranted requests."
// https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/tile/get-api-key
```

Author: Oh yer totally right, shows how long it's been for me. I just started off adding `// replace with your API key` then went overboard. Please feel free to close my PR and just do what seems best!

Reviewer 2: > Oh yer totally right, shows how long it's been for me

Not at all! This wasn't clear, which is why this PR is great

const googleMapOpts = {
  title: 'Google Satellite',

>   key: 'AIzaSyAs-AoPi0VEcL7feKFQRkNpAdjznxqFi3k', // replace with your API key.

Reviewer: I like the idea of putting a real key here. How about using the one we've used in the past for the farmos.github.io demo of farmOS-map: https://github.com/farmOS/farmOS-map/blob/04a360b91bc0ee491e146894d5127b02def305e6/examples/simple-html-consumer/static/index.html#L23

https://farmos.github.io/farmOS-map/

On that note - but definitely a separate PR, we should consider updating that demo to use the v2 version of farmOS-map.

Reviewer 2: Agree, this makes sense to me

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  key: 'AIzaSyBEB1xUvz8LG_XexTVKv5ghXEPaCzF9eng', // replace with your API key.
```
